+++
title = "Krossboard - Terms of use"
subtitle = ""
description = ""
draft = false
+++

The following are terms of a legal agreement (the "Agreement") between you and 2Alchemists, SAS. By accessing, browsing and/or using this or others web sites owned or operated by 2Alchemists ("Sites"), you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree, to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including export and re-export control laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use our web sites.

**Prohibited Uses.** Aside from the publicly available software and documentation offered on this website, you may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, frame in another Web page, use on any other Web site, transfer or sell any information, software, lists of users, databases or other lists, products or services obtained from our Sites. The foregoing prohibition expressly includes, but is not limited to, the practices of "screen scraping" or "database scraping" to obtain lists of users or other information. You will not provide to 2Alchemists and/or any of our affiliates any untrue, inaccurate or false user information or impersonate or falsely represent your affiliation with any person or entity. Except with the written permission of 2Alchemists, you agree to refrain from accessing or attempting to access password protected, secure or non-public areas of our Sites. Unauthorized individuals attempting to access prohibited areas of our Sites may be subject to prosecution.

**Proprietary Rights.** Copyrights and other intellectual property rights in writings, drawings, photographs and other materials within our Sites are owned by 2Alchemists or third parties. Our Sites may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. By furnishing information, 2Alchemists does not grant any licenses to any copyrights, patents or any other intellectual property rights.

**No Unlawful or Prohibited Use.** As a condition of your use of our Sites, you warrant to 2Alchemists that you will not use our Sites for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions and notices. If you violate any of these terms, conditions or notices, your permission to use our Sites automatically terminates.

**Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitations of Liability.** You use our Sites at your own risk. Information on our Sites may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. 2Alchemists assumes no responsibility regarding the accuracy of the information that is provided by 2Alchemists and use of such information is at the recipient’s own risk. 2Alchemists provides no assurances that any reported problems may be resolved with the use of any information that 2Alchemists provides.

THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PUBLISHED ON OUR SITES MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY ADDED TO THE INFORMATION HEREIN. 2ALCHEMISTS MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES TO OUR SITES AT ANY TIME. ALL INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. NEITHER 2ALCHEMISTS NOR ITS AFFILIATES GUARANTEE THAT THEIR SECURITY PROCEDURES WILL PREVENT THE LOSS OF, ALTERATION OF, OR IMPROPER ACCESS TO, YOUR INFORMATION. 2ALCHEMISTS IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR INVALID DESTINATIONS AND TRANSMISSION ERRORS IN, CORRUPTION OF, OR THE SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION CARRIED BY MEANS OF INTERNET CARRIERS. 2ALCHEMISTS MAKES ITS SITES AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT ITS SITES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR FREE. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF OUR SITES IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF SUCH MATERIAL AND/OR DATA.

2ALCHEMISTS DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY ARISING OUT OF ANY CLAIM THAT YOUR ACCESS OR USE OF OUR SITES INFRINGES ANY THIRD PARTY’S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL 2ALCHEMISTS AND/OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR A) ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF ITS SITES OR WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE ITS SITES, OR FOR ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH ITS SITES, OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF ITS SITES, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF 2ALCHEMISTS, OR ITS AFFILIATES HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES; OR B) ANY CLAIMS AGAINST YOU BY ANY OTHER PARTY. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

**Changes to Site and Terms of Use.**
2Alchemists may make modifications, improvements or changes in the information, services, products, and other materials on our Sites, or terminate our Sites, at any time without notice. Any modifications to this Agreement shall be effective immediately upon posting of the modified Agreement. Accordingly, you agree to review the Agreement periodically, and your continued access or use of our Sites shall be deemed your acceptance of the modified Agreement.